Wu Shao, why are you here?
I'm not normal here
How did you two get in?
Wu Shao
We are the invitation my brother-in-law got
It was Shen Le and my cousin who came in
I just saw it.
Sneaked in
That's just to be here with his useless boyfriend
Where is it? Why didn't I see it?
Mu Shao, don't you like Lin Zhiwei?
In a while, it's your chance to perform
Call me right now and see if there is a little color.
Make him look bad
Maybe you will follow you.
Hahahaha
Where are they now?
Wu Shao and the others are there
Hello come in
Let's go
Oops Captain Wang
He's just a loser who eats soft rice
This kind of top meeting can not be difficult for everyone
I suggest you check it out.
Take out the key and check it for me